chore(devenv): introduce addon-docs (#159)
carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements: src/components/button/README.md

# Button

Buttons are used to initialize an action, either in the background or foreground of an experience.

There are several kinds of buttons:

> - Primary buttons should be used for the principle call to action on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Primary buttons should be used for the principal call to action on the page.
```

- Secondary buttons should be used for secondary actions on each page.
- Danger buttons should be used for a negative action (such as Delete) on the page.

> Small buttons may be used when there is not enough space for a regular sized button. This issue is most found in tables. Small button should have three words or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Small buttons may be used when there is not enough space for a regular sized button. This issue is most often found in tables. Small buttons should have three words or fewer.
```
